Add IOG contracts (#290)
runtimeverification/plutus-core-semantics: IOG-contracts/README.md

                          traceIfFalse "wrong amount minted" checkMintedAmount
  where
    info :: TxInfo
    info = scriptContextTxInfo ctx

    hasUTxO :: Bool
    hasUTxO = any (\i -> txInInfoOutRef i == oref) $ txInfoInputs info

    checkMintedAmount :: Bool
    checkMintedAmount = case flattenValue (txInfoMint info) of
        [(_, tn', amt)] -> tn' == tn && amt == 1
        _               -> False

compiledNFTPolicy :: (PlutusTx.CompiledCode
                        (TxOutRef -> TokenName -> Scripts.WrappedMintingPolicyType))
compiledNFTPolicy = $$(PlutusTx.compile [|| \oref' tn' -> Scripts.wrapMintingPolicy $ mkPolicy oref' tn' ||])
```

The contract's policy is bound to `mkPolicy` variable. We have added a
new binding, not present in the original contract, to the variable
`compiledNFTPolicy`, that has the compiled version of `mkPolicy`. This
variable is then pretty-printed to UPLC code by the associated
`Main.hs` script.

## Cabal configurations

There are some requirements for a contract to be executable by `kplc`,
as follows.

### Nix-shell

Currently, before running any `cabal` command, it's necessary to start

> `nix-shell` _from `plutus-apps`_, and this is very important. Only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nix-shell` _from `plutus-apps`_. This is _very important_. Only
```

> then the cabal commands can be executed from within the `nix-shell`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then can the cabal commands be executed from within the `nix-shell`.
```

### Compiler options

The following options should either be added to the contract's Haskell
file header or to the `ghc-options` of the target that generates the
UPLC code in contract's cabal file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> They prevent simplifications to take place and their absence may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They prevent simplifications from taking place and their absence may
```

> produce UPLC incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
produce incorrect UPLC code.
```

```
-fplugin-opt PlutusTx.Plugin:no-simplifier-inline
-fplugin-opt PlutusTx.Plugin:no-simplifier-beta
```

### Haskell language extension

> The `TypeApplications` language extension is necessary to the UPLC code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TypeApplications` language extension is necessary for the UPLC code
```
